G082:  s1630759 s1655560 
MLP Coursework 3 - Interim Report

February 2020

FEEDBACK:

(please note that comment categories do not have to match to sections in the submitted report)

Abstract and Introduction
(how clear is the abstract? does it cover what is reported in the document?)
(clear outline and motivation? research questions?  citations to the literature?)

The abstract is very clear and outlines the work well. 
The introduction provides good backdrop, relevant literature and decent
motivation of the work.

Research questions and objectives
(clearly and precisely stated?)
Objectives are clearly stated, but research question could use some more
clarification. Why do you think the techniques you discuss are relevant?


Data set and task
(data set clearly presented?  preprocessing?  training/test/validation split?
is the task explained? evaluation?)

Datasets are briefly presented. Sample pictures could have been nice, as well
as a qualitative description, e.g. which is harder and why.

The task is mentioned in the introduction (Using NL to alter
images) but not discussed afterwards. It is important to precisely describe
what you want to achieve before jumping to the architecture



Methodology
(explanation of technical approaches? reference to the literature?)

The network architecture is described, but it hard to follow, especially for
non-expert. Introducing key concepts in the task description would have helped.
Some formulations are unclear, ex: "…then a softmax to produce the unconditional
adversarial loss D(x)" (a softmax layer outputs a probability distribution).

Description of the different contributions are missing
Overall this whole section needs more details.


Experiments
(have appropriate baseline experiments been carried out? clear presentation of results?
clear what each experiment tells us / hypothesis? reproducible?)
n/a



Interim conclusions
(how does the work done so far match to the objectives? are changes necessary?
are the conclusions clearly expressed?)
n/a


Plan
(is there a clear plan for the remainder of the project? have any risks been discussed?
is there a need for a backup plan, and if so what is is it? 
is the project feasible given time and resources?)
Plan is a bit weak, considering you haven't reported experiments.
In which order are you going to try the contribution? What are you going to do 
if training fails? If you get conclusive results by next week?

Other Comments
Decent report overall, but could be greatly improved with more details


