G082:  s1630759 s1655560 
MLP Coursework 3 - Interim Report

February 2020

FEEDBACK:

(please note that comment categories do not have to match to sections in the submitted report)

Abstract and Introduction
A fairly good abstract. It provides a concise description of the project.
The introduction lacks motivation. The task needs some more discussion. 
Will be good to briefly outline the stability issues with TAGAN and then introduce the task. 
For instance, could show some failure examples of TAGAN and
then relate it with the stability or could also take theoretical apporach.
Better to add more description on instance noise, GAN objective and gradient penalities.
Why they are important and how they help in GAN training? 
Citations are fine will be good to add more references to recent GAN papers. 


Research questions and objectives
Research question is clear from the description. Will be better to also 
describe the motivation behind it. Also some justification on proposed solution. 


Data set and task
The dataset is outlined but requires more explanation. Should add details like size of an image, number of samples used for training.
The evaluation criterion is not explained. Will be better to look at measures like
FID, IS score, etc. There are some recent papers on GAN evaluation which could be investigated.   



Methodology
The technical details of TAGAN is explained. But there is no discussion on proposed methodology.
No details on how the proposed solution will be integrated with TAGAN.
The reference to literature is limited.


Experiments
No details on experimental setup. No baseline experiments carried out. 


Interim conclusions
Interim conclusion is missing. The presented work looks like in an early stage of project. 


Plan
The plan is very vaguely stated. The project has not yet moved to implementation stage.
The presented work is not supported by proper motivation. There is no back up plan. 
The work doesn't seem feasible in given time.


Other Comments

